Paul, are you ready to say something?
As soon as I go out there, I have the right to do this.
I have the right to do this, so no one can go with me.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going anywhere.
Or maybe I can do that.
I had to get back to a house.
We want you to go out there.
I have the right to do this.
Something into that.
This will be fast.
Sorry, that was close, that was a very difficult time.
How long have you been playing?
You've never seen the last few years when the first time I even played,
I've never been playing for a long time.
How long have you been playing?
I've got to get it.
What's your problem?
I don't think I'm going to be playing.
How long have you been playing all over?
It's been a long time.
I've been playing all over all over the world.
You were that?
Mm-hm.
Yeah, you were that?
You were that?
Dot no, don't say that, focus.
The next one makes it harder.
What?
The next one is harder.
What is that?
Is this the last one?
Did you think it was too big?
Did youTubilit be a great fan of it?
The last one is pretty awesome.
The last one will be good at this time.
No, no, no, to the other one.
That's why I said that.